Update lint-format.md (#6909)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/continuous-integration.md

Available on [dbt Cloud release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) and dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise accounts.

When [enabled for your CI job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs#set-up-ci-jobs), dbt invokes [SQLFluff](https://sqlfluff.com/) which is a modular and configurable SQL linter that warns you of complex functions, syntax, formatting, and compilation errors. 

> By default, SQL linting lints all the changed SQL files in your project (compared to the last deferred production state). Note that [snapshots](/docs/build/snapshots) can be defined in YAML _and_ `.sql` files, but its SQL isn't lintable and can cause errors during linting. To avoid having SQLFluff try to lint snapshot files, add the snapshots directory to your `.sqlfluffignore` file (for example `snapshots/`). Refer to [snapshot linting](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/lint-format#snapshot-linting) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, SQL linting lints all the changed SQL files in your project (compared to the last deferred production state). Note that [snapshots](/docs/build/snapshots) can be defined in YAML _and_ `.sql` files, but its SQL isn't lintable and can cause errors during linting. To prevent SQLFluff from linting snapshot files, add the snapshots directory to your `.sqlfluffignore` file (for example `snapshots/`). Refer to [snapshot linting](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/lint-format#snapshot-linting) for more information.
```
